# ArduinoML-team-e
This is an experimental project to create the ArduinoML DSL for the Arduino language which includes
an embedded DSL made in Java and an external DSL made with the AntLR framework.  

## Kernel

## Embedded
### How does it work
// TODO

### How to run
// TODO

## External

### How does it work

Our external DSL works with the AntLR framework.
Its grammar is located in the file `src/main/java/external/antlr/ArduinoML.g4`
and all other files in the same directory were generated by AntLR from the grammar.
The class `src/main/java/external/arduinoML/builder/ModelBuilder.java` is a listener allowing to build an instance
of the Domain Model by browsing an AST of our DSL.
The class `src/main/java/external/Main.java` allows to compile a text file written in our DSL into an `.ino` file.  
  
If you want to add syntax highlighting when editing a file in the ArduinoML DSL,
you can easily import a customised TextMate Bundle we made in your favorite IDE.  

- JetBrains

You first need to install the TextMate Bundles plugin.
Then go to `File > Settings > Editor > TextMate Bundles` and click on the `+` button.
From there, select the `plugins/arduino-ml` directory and enable _**arduino-ml**_ in the list.

- VS Code

// TODO

- Eclipse

// TODO

### How to run

To run the external DSL, you have to execute `src/main/java/external/Main.java` passing it 2 arguments:

- the path of the file to compile
- the name of the output file

Then, a `.ino` file (named as you wished) will be created in the source file directory.

# Authors
- Brilhante João
- Briziarelli Enzo
- Ducrocq Charly
- Larose Quentin
- Marti Ludovic

